README.md, before:

# glTF-Maya-Exporter

## Maya glTF 2.0 Exporter

The prebuild binary is here: https://kashika.co.jp/product/gltfexporter/

## Version
1.0

## Introduction
This is the glTF 2.0 exporter for AUTODESK MAYA (
https://www.autodesk.co.jp/products/maya/). 
This repositry contains mel scripts and C++ source codes.


## Support Maya version

we support MAYA2017 and MAYA2018 on Windows and macOS, now.


## Support features

- [x] Export mesh

- [x] Material baseColor, Roughness

- [x] Transform/Skeleton

- [x] Mac support

- [ ] Linux support

- [ ] VRM format (https://dwango.github.io/vrm/)

- [ ] Substance Painter Texture Node

- [ ] SkinMesh animation

- [ ] Blend shape animation


## How to Build

### Generate project file by CMake

- 1: Create build directory. `$mkdir build`

- 2: Move Currenct directory `$cd build`

- 3: Create project `$cmake ..`

- 4: Make it..  `$cmake --build .`

### Use Visual Studio (deprecated)

- 1: Requirements: Visual studio 2017.

- 2: Generate Draco solution: RUN externals/build_draco2017.bat

- 3: Build draco project: Open externals/draco/build/draco.sln and build it.

- 4: Install target maya version on your system. (ex. C:\Program Files\Autodesk\Maya2018 )

- 5: Open solution file: /windows/glTFExporter/glTFExporter.sln

- 6: Select target version from configuration and build it.


## Externals modules

- draco: https://github.com/google/draco/

- glm: https://github.com/g-truc/glm

- picojson: https://github.com/kazuho/picojson/


## License

This software is MIT License.
Copyright (c) 2018 Kashika, Inc.

Commit message:

Add bootstrap script for Visual Studio 2017 Win64 build.

README.md, after:

# glTF-Maya-Exporter

## Maya glTF 2.0 Exporter

The prebuild binary is here: https://kashika.co.jp/product/gltfexporter/

## Version
1.0

## Introduction
This is the glTF 2.0 exporter for AUTODESK MAYA (
https://www.autodesk.co.jp/products/maya/). 
This repositry contains mel scripts and C++ source codes.


## Support Maya version

we support MAYA2017 and MAYA2018 on Windows and macOS, now.


## Support features

- [x] Export mesh

- [x] Material baseColor, Roughness

- [x] Transform/Skeleton

- [x] Mac support

- [ ] Linux support

- [ ] VRM format (https://dwango.github.io/vrm/)

- [ ] Substance Painter Texture Node

- [ ] SkinMesh animation

- [ ] Blend shape animation


## How to Build

### Generate project file by CMake

- 1: Create build directory. `$mkdir build`

- 2: Move Currenct directory `$cd build`

- 3: Create project `$cmake ..`

- 4: Make it..  `$cmake --build .`

`vc2017setup.bat` is provided for generating project file for Visual Studio 2017 64bit.

### Use Visual Studio (deprecated)

- 1: Requirements: Visual studio 2017.

- 2: Generate Draco solution: RUN externals/build_draco2017.bat

- 3: Build draco project: Open externals/draco/build/draco.sln and build it.

- 4: Install target maya version on your system. (ex. C:\Program Files\Autodesk\Maya2018 )

- 5: Open solution file: /windows/glTFExporter/glTFExporter.sln

- 6: Select target version from configuration and build it.


## Externals modules

- draco: https://github.com/google/draco/

- glm: https://github.com/g-truc/glm

- picojson: https://github.com/kazuho/picojson/


## License

This software is MIT License.
Copyright (c) 2018 Kashika, Inc.
